---
title: "Godot Engine Stammtisch @ Berlin Creators / IN Berlin"

layout: card

meetups: ["stammtisch"]
categories: ["meetup", "event"]
tags: ["meetup", "stammtisch", "berlin"]

date: 2025-03-28T19:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---
{{< lead >}}Welcome to our cosy Godot Engine Stammtisch! We will hang out, chat and maybe show some of our current projects! 🦜
{{< /lead >}} {{< badge >}} Beginner friendly! {{< /badge >}} 
### When
2025-03-28 (Friday)  
19:00 - 23:00, local time (Berlin)

### Where?
**Berlin Creators / Individual Network Berlin**  
Lehrter Str. 53  
10557 Berlin-Moabit


{{< button href="https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=18/52.534430/13.358479" target="_blank" >}}
See on OpenStreetMap
{{< /button >}}

You may also join remotely, via our {{< icon "discord" >}} [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/dqg7TxMRH9).


## For me?
***For everybody!*** No matter if you are an artist, designer, programmer, beginner, hobbyist, professional or anything in between: join us for sharing knowledge, creating art together, coding together, joining game jams together and having fun! 🌼 Fans of other platforms and engines are equally welcome.

## What to expect?
This is not a structured meeting, but rather a friendly get-together. A typical evening usually looks as follows...

{{< timeline >}}

{{< timelineItem icon="godot" header="Hello Godot!" badge="19:00" >}}
Say hello, find a chair, and get comfortable! 
You can get a drink and a snack from the donation-funded fridge (usually around EUR 1,-)
Also, if you are new or would like some guidance, let us know and we help you get settled in!
{{< /timelineItem >}}

{{< timelineItem icon="email" header="Who is who?" badge="19:20" >}}
A quick round of intros - find out what the others are about and say as much or as little as you like about yourself. What are your interests? What do you do with Godot?. 
{{< /timelineItem >}}

{{< timelineItem icon="lightbulb" header="Show & Tell!" badge="~5-10 minutes per" subheader="Got something to show?" >}}
Those that like can show off their latest projects, videos, art, or anything else they are working on. Feel free to ask questions!

There's a video projector and usually someone has a spare laptop if there are technical difficulties (or you don't have one).
{{< /timelineItem >}}

{{< timelineItem icon="tag" header="Open-Ended Discussions" badge="open end" >}}
Switch rooms, form smaller groups, talk about anything you like!
{{< /timelineItem >}}

{{< /timeline >}}

## Rules?
Please be excellent to each other! 🕊️ 
We're a very inclusive group and work tirelessly to provide a fun and safe environment at these meetings for everyone.
